hi welcome to the kitchen I'm Juliet and
I am George and today we are gonna make
special sweet vegan pulled pork
sloth is it George yeah and we're gonna
be using jackfruit now do you know about
check fruits I do exactly so it's kind
of like looks this bit constructed like
pineapple but it has a lot a really
sweet flavor yeah it's just got the
perfect
- yeah bit rule a mustard I've tried it
it's quite bland a little bit sweet but
it's just perfect it just works flake it
just work so well to give you that
pulled pork it's all that stringiness
you know so we've got a pan with olive
oil in and what we're gonna do is just
for our power onions for about 15-20
minutes until they're nice and soft
we're gonna fry those up so we've got
all our spices here got some cumin and
chili we've got some barbecue sauce it's
just gonna add that close nice smokiness
got some chipotle sauce as well and some
tomato so we're just gonna wait till our
onions are soft and then once they're
nice and soft we're gonna chop it all
the spices so the flavors can be
released so you're gonna add cinnamon
paprika salt a bit Feeney's no cumin
seeds to me there Joey look smell the
aromatics girl is amazing so we just put
that on for another minute smells good
so now we're just gonna add some
chipotle sauce get old - yeah that's got
a nice spice don't put me the barbecue
sauce oh yeah one more minute
cool okay so now we're just gonna add
jackfruit you'll pop it into that
usually pop all that in well wait isn't
it kind of reminded me of yeah also like
them tuna yeah sorry I didn't think so
that's in there that's all kind of
getting coated in the lovely smoky sauce
and then we're gonna pop in some tomato
but also I like to put a bit of water in
there so could you fill that up with
them half the cat water
that's it just kind of like a bit of a
shakedown oh that's yeah right though
you've got now everything in there
thanks George
so we're just gonna now leave that to
simmer and whilst we do that we're gonna
do the takos and the pecan sour cream
right okay so tack on time right so we
have got a bit of self-raising flour
okay oh so you're making influence
that's not difficult
we've got a bit of charcoal powder
that's the activated charcoal gone in
just mix it through teaspoon of salt and
some olive oil towards it olive oil in
there George okay I'm gonna bring it
together to a dough and if it's a bit
too dry just add a tiny bit more water
to it does vary like date today so put
this in just gonna mix this through I
just only need a tiny bit okay do that
to manage like 1 teaspoons left face
good I'm just gonna wash my hands can
you keep that little bit more than makes
it would be ever need just not too much
the gentle need okay how's that feeling
yeah feels good
really so all we need to do is just roll
out on little tortillas now and go it's
really important to have them super
super thin like kind of almost paper
thin so I'm gonna put a flower on the
surface so you only need a really small
bit literally they go quite far then
they do go far this will make quite a
lot of tortillas you can freeze them so
I just kind of start by flattening it
out okay this one like a circus again
it doesn't matter if they're kind of a
bit wobbly you know it's home homemade
it isn't so they are quite sticky you do
need a lot of flour they will have a
kind of like dusted look yeah if you
want to kind of get that off you can
just brush it off with a patient I like
that
yeah
then tick yes see there you go cool so
that's what you're looking for where you
nice thin how's it feel yeah it feels
good that's nice and thin uh-huh oh okay
so just gonna pop this in here literally
20 to 30 seconds each sighs yeah take
long
see how it's going bubbly yeah that's
what you're looking for it's kind of
what's like a pancake oh you can either
go at that please
so we're gonna get all these ready and
then when they're all cooked up when
you're gonna do our breathing sour cream
and build on tacos how's that looking
George oh look at that
what to tell you so now it's time to
make our vegan sour cream we make it
with some cashew nuts
now I've soaked these cashew nuts
overnight in water just there soften it
up bit of lime juice there George coming
in nutritional yeast full of B vitamins
and then a teaspoon of salt so I just
put this whole thing no yeah I guess
again I haven't told you about I know so
do half cup of water just the whole
thing yep there you go you can do this
pick your favorite bit so you're just
gonna whiz it can be for like up to four
or five minutes Wow because you've got
them the nuts in there we're gonna
really puree them well okay
go for it
okay lovely stuff that's perfect this is
that so our jackfruit is now ready
see how it's all saw yes it looks like
pulp or yeah you what I think
well unless you look closely when we
have seven different eyes yes sir
and that's perfect George so let's just
move slide that to one side so we
already are you ready to build or tacos
okay so we've got all we've got echoes
what you made earlier we've got our taco
taxi so what is cool yeah you'll
probably your best microphone in South
hold on I'd say I hold that title so
we've got some guacamole and we've got
some Mexican corn salsa yeah we do try
that mm-hmm it's tasty yeah it's quite
an cilantro yes cilantro coriander as we
filled it a little bit of shredded
lettuce sour cream - so we're gonna load
these up one for you one for me
let us begin sorry the old salsa now
that's good Emily
Kim do you say what could I say quack
Amole okay I think of overstuffed one he
might have done some cream dressing is
this I wonder how like like I haven't
enjoyed this I mean if it's hmm like
actual salad is it do you think it's
nicer yeah okay should we slot these
into the older taxi it's time to the
moment of truth
yeah I've got a top tip for you like
this from a friend that if you if you
have a Takei underneath it right just a
flame on like that whilst you're eating
it all the spinach you can make that
your second one that's clever almost
goes everywhere it's nice yesterday
themselves that okay cool if that works
though ready yeah mm-hmm that's very
good yeah it's okay lovely we're gonna
finish these hope you enjoyed the video
for more videos check out the BBC good
food YouTube channel
Cheers choose one
[Music]